MandelBox

Algorithm copied from this excellent app: http://digitalfreepen.com/mandelbox370/

The panel on the left holds two kinds of controls:
buttons, and one or two dimensional widgets.

Widgets:
Mouse click on a widget to select it.
It's legend will turn Green.
You can also move the focus up/down with the '<' and '>' keys.
Press the assigned Hotkey character to move the focus directly.

Now on the image:
Mouse drag to control the widget's parameters.
You can also use the Arrow keys.
Note: Hold down the <option> key to increase the alteration amount.
Note: Hold down the <A> key to decrease the alteration amount.

Note: certain widget rows manage a three part parameter (x,y and z).
The first graph displays the x,y values, the second graph displays the z value.
Hold down the <Shift> key to apply X axis movements to the Z value (second graph).

Buttons:
A button command is performed by Mouse clicking on the legend.

Note: Press <1> to toggle display of the control panel.
Note: Use can exit program by press the <esc> key.

Q. "Res: High, Low"
   Press this to toggle image resolution between Low and High.
   Use Low resolution to quickly navigate to region of interest,
   then switch to Hi for viewing.

Z. "Zoom"
   Changing the width of the field of view effects a zoom effect.

F. "SFactor"
   MandelBox parameter controlling degree of box and sphere folding.

E. "epsilon"
   MandelBox parameter specifies how accurately we determine the mandelbox surface.
   Smaller values (on the left side) result in finer resolution (and slower rendering).

3. "BShip"
   I have no mathematical abilities, but I was reading about the burning ship algorithm,
   and how it is just like the Mandelbrot algorithm except for using the
   absolute value of a function term.  So, in the shader I added the following :
   v = clamp(v, -control.box.x, control.box.x) * control.box.y - v;
   if(control.burningShip) v = -abs(v);   <<---- added this
   Has a dramatic effect, including resemblance to the burning ship fractal in some regions.

S. "Sphere"  (move among these widgets via the '<','>' keys or mouse clicks)
   Mandelbox uses three parameters to control spherical folding.
   This widget conrols the first two.

  "Delta Sphere"
   Two values control how Sphere Fold parameters evolve over distance.

   "Delta Delta Sph"
   Two values control 'delta sphere' itself evolves.

   "S Mult"
   Third spherical folding parameter controls the Sphere scaling factor.

B. "Box"  (move among these widgets via the '<','>' keys or mouse clicks)
   Mandelbox uses two parameters to determine Box folding. Both are controlled here.

   "Delta Box"
   Two values control how Box Fold parameters evolve over distance.

   "Delta Delta Box"
   Two values control how 'delta box' itself evolves.

J. "Julia: On, Off"
   Toggle switch enables the Julia set style.

   "Julia XY", "JuliaZ"
   When Julia set style is enabled these widgets control the coordinates of the Julia point.

C. "Tint XY", "Tint Z"
   Controls red, green and blue coloring.

L. "Light XY", "Light Z""
   Control light position.

4. "Bright"
5. "Shiny"
6. "Fog"
   Control overall brightness and shinyness of Mandelbox.
   Not really fog, but a way to darken objects according to distance.
   Lower values render faster as well.

V. "Save/Load"
   Launch save/load dialog for widget settings.

7. "Reset""
   Reset all params.

O. "Stereo"
   Toggle stereo mode on/off.
   Image is rendered twice, for 'cross-eyed' 3D viewing.
   With the iPad held two feet away, slightly cross your eyes so that there is a third image in the middle.
   Relax your gaze, and concentrate only on that middle image, which is in 3D.

8. "Parallax"
   Decide which poritions of the image should be 'closer' rather than 'farther', then
   use the Parallax widget to adjust direction and intensity of the the stereo effect.
   You will probably have to adjust parallax whenever you Rotate the image.

U. "Radial S"   (Radial Symmetry)
   Set value to 0 (far left) to disable this function,
   otherwise the setting determines the radial symmetry of the drawing.
   Sorry, this doesn't work well with Stereo mode.

M. "Move"
   Move the camera position.
   Hold down htr <Shift> key to access the 3rd axis of movement.

R. "Rotate"
   Crudely rotate the camera orientation.

2. "Texture"
   You can select an image (jpg, png) to texture the object.
   Click this widget to launch the image picker dialog.

T. When a texture is loaded these companion widgets control the center and scaling of the texture.


